+++
categories = ["English", "sideproject"]
date = "2016-04-19"
publishdate = "2016-04-19"
draft = true
tags = ["python", "feeds", "html"]
title = "Reading Feeds: Getting started"

+++

So, what should this thing do? And what would I like to get out of it?

## Goals

I got a loosely defined list of things I would like to know more about and/or
be better at - Maybe this sideproject could aid in that direction? One of
those things are for example:

- Dip my feet into some HTML/CSS/JS dujour - In 99 I did flash and MS
  Frontpage - followed by ASP classic and then PHP and Dreamweaver - My
  front-endish skills might need a bit of leveling up? A side project like
  this would obviously be able to help me there.

What else would be beneficial? Obviously will a way to get as relevant reading
material as possible be an good overall goal.

What does that mean more specifically?

- A web interface that works on mobile too
- Most relevant unread contents goes first

Hey, that don't sound that hard?

## How?

In a true software-engineer way, the answer is: I don't know, but I know how
to find out: I'll try something, and then I'll know more, and then repeat
until it's all done.

Smaller workable things to try:

- Code that takes the
      [opml](https://github.com/kilimchoi/engineering-blogs/blob/master/engineering_blogs.opml)
      and saves all the feed urls
- Something that for each url fetches the urls of "unread" and tries to gather information from "external apis"
  - Twitter
  - Facebook
  - bit.ly
  - hackernews
  - reddit
  - other?


